hi everyone Lucy here today we're going
to talk about the TOEFL speaking test
and specifically we're going to focus on
task 1 which is the independent
description task ok now in today's
lesson first we're going to talk about
the task description then we're going to
talk about the preparation and
presentation stages and finally I'm
going to give my own sample response so
the objective of today's lesson is to
understand exactly how to answer TOEFL
speaking tasks one description ok first
let's talk about what this task entails
so the description of the task you need
to give a description of the topic and
you also need to include details or
anecdotes from your own personal
experience so how much time is this
going to take
well you have 15 seconds to prepare your
response and you have 45 seconds to
speak now a couple of things that I want
to note here remember that during your
preparation time you're going to have a
pen and some scratch paper and it's very
important that you use that time to take
some notes and really organize your
thoughts the other important point is
during your speaking time it's important
that you don't stop too early you want
to make sure that you talk for the
entire time and that your answer is
complete ok so now it's going to be your
turn we're going to give you a question
to work on and remember you're going to
have 15 seconds to prepare ok if you
don't already make sure you have a pen
and some paper available okay are you
ready your 15 seconds starts now
you
okay how did you feel about that do you
feel prepared
now remember during the presentation
time you have 45 seconds you can look at
your notes and it's important that you
use the entire time okay are you ready
your presentation starts now
you
okay how did you go
hopefully that went well now it's time
for me to give my own sample response
okay now remember I'm going to have 45
seconds to speak and here I go
the first time I saw the Shawshank
Redemption I knew it was a movie that I
would never forget the acting was
brilliant as was the story itself it's
about an innocent man serving a life
sentence for murder
and the friendship he forms with another
inmates the film explores issues of
friendship struggle dreams and tragedy
although it's set in unfortunate
circumstances it has a real message of
hope and love it's a simple film with an
everlasting message about the power of
friendship the characters are relatable
and they even feel like they're your
friends so this creates a feeling of
empathy so this is the most memorable
movie I've seen okay how do I go great
thank you so much for watching and
remember if you have any other questions
about TOEFL or any other exam questions
at all
don't be afraid to visit our website at
eat to language comm Thank You c'n for
watching and see you next time
bye